Add limitations for add/create index (#19193)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-create-index.md

This statement adds a new index to an existing table. It is an alternative syntax to `ALTER TABLE .. ADD INDEX`, and included for MySQL compatibility.

> **Note:**
>

> > For TiDB Dedicated clusters with 4 vCPU specifications, it is recommended to manually disable ['tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg'](/system-variables#tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg-new-in-v630) to prevent resource limitations from affecting cluster stability during index creation. Once disabled, indexes will be created using transactions, reducing the impact on the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For TiDB Dedicated clusters with 4 vCPU specifications, it is recommended to manually disable [tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg](/system-variables.md#tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg-new-in-v630) to prevent resource limitations from affecting cluster stability during index creation. Disabling this setting allows indexes to be created using transactions, which reduces the overall impact on the cluster.
```

> > For TiDB Dedicated clusters with 4 vCPU specifications, it is recommended to manually disable [tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg](/system-variables.md#tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg-new-in-v630) to prevent resource limitations from affecting cluster stability during index creation. Disabling this setting allows indexes to be created using transactions, which reduces the overall impact on the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For TiDB Dedicated clusters with 4 vCPU specifications, it is recommended to manually disable [`tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg-new-in-v630) to prevent resource limitations from affecting cluster stability during index creation. Disabling this setting allows indexes to be created using transactions, which reduces the overall impact on the cluster.
```

This statement adds a new index to an existing table. It is an alternative syntax to `ALTER TABLE .. ADD INDEX`, and included for MySQL compatibility.

<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

> **Note:**
>

> > For [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) clusters with 4 vCPU specifications, it is recommended to manually disable [`tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg-new-in-v630) to prevent resource limitations from affecting cluster stability during index creation. Disabling this setting allows indexes to be created using transactions, which reduces the overall impact on the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) clusters with 4 vCPU, it is recommended to manually disable [`tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg-new-in-v630) to prevent resource limitations from affecting cluster stability during index creation. Disabling this setting allows indexes to be created using transactions, which reduces the overall impact on the cluster.
```
